DAN: After the Gundaliens hijacked Bakugan interspace
and forced us out, things took a turn for the worse
in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home
so we can help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were members of the Castle Knights.
Now Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Erroneous from stealing the sacred orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now, Drago.
Bakugan fall.
(SINGING) What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's your hand.
Worlds collide on the inside.
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
[music playing]
That is the forbidden power.
DAN: Is that's what I think it is?
MARUCHO: Yes, the orb's last defense, Dragonoid Colossus.
[music playing]
How weird.
I was kind of getting used to your other look.
[laughing]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Forgiveness.
MARUCHO: That's some pretty heavy destruction,
but at least it made the Gundaliens retreat.
For now, maybe.
But you can bet it won't be long before they all come back.
Then we better hustle and kick start the second shield again.
Shouldn't be a problem now that Drago's
all supercharged, right?
I'm afraid I have bad news, everyone.
That last explosion back there completely destroyed
the second shield generator base.
We only have the third shield left.
Sorry.
It is what it is, guys.
We need to focus on keeping the third shield secure.
Dan's right.
Let's head back to the Royal Palace
and run a full diagnostic report.
DAN: You think you can give us a hand with that, Ren?
Really?
You sure?
You're with us.
Everything else is water under the bridge, dude.
While, you guys are doing that, Linehalt can recuperate.
After expending such a massive amount of energy,
he should take it easy.
It's OK.
I'll be fine.
OK then.
Let's do it.
Are you ready, Fabia?
I guess so.
OK, Elright, prepare to transport us immediately.
Princess, are you sure?
Just do it right now.
Yes, ma'am.
This way.
Ren, I'll show you the-- huh?
Hey, where did he go?
But-- he's gone.
But he was right here.
Linehalt's gone, too.
But that means that they weren't transported with us.
You left them behind on purpose.
What gives, dude?
I'm sorry.
We couldn't.
It was impossible.
There was absolutely nothing we could do to change it.
Why not?
Yeah, why not, huh?
Answer me right now.
Very well then.
It's because they're Gundaliens.
DAN: The shield has a biofilter, doesn't it?
FABIA: That's right.
Since it's the final line of defense protecting the Royal
Palace and the rest of the city, it's
been equipped to scan the DNA of anyone
who transports through it.
When the war broke out, you programmed
it to block the passage of anyone with Gundalien DNA.
MARUCHO: Why didn't you tell us that in the first place?
We couldn't, Marucho.
We didn't want to reveal our security
measures in front of the enemy.
We do not need him reporting back to his superiors.
But Ren's on our side now.
Why don't we just deactivate the shield
so we can let them in, then fire it
up again after they're inside?
No way, Dan.
But why not?
Because I still don't trust Ren as far as
I could throw him.
Wait up.
Come back here.
CAPTAIN ELRIGHT: Brawlers, report to my quarters
immediately.
They left us behind.
Yes.
It's OK, Linehalt.
[sighs]
Princess, do you think you were a bit harsh with them
back there?
Aranaut, he wanted us to allow Gundaliens behind the shield.
Ren and Linehalt turned their backs on Barodius.
Perhaps we can trust them, like Dan said.
I'm sorry.
I just can't.
I understand.
CAPTAIN ELRIGHT: Dan, it may seem irrational that Fabia
refuses to forgive, Ren.
But remember, the Gundaliens declared war on us.
And this war has cost Fabia more dearly than you know.
[shooting]
Aranaut used to be partnered with Jin,
the previous commander of the Castle Knights.
Attack!
Battle gear ability activate.
Various gear lightning.
[screaming]
[grunting]
It seems commander Jin left me with a parting gift.
[music playing]
Curse you.
You will pay for what you did to Jin.
And I'll rip you to shreds.
I can't wait to see what the inside of a Castle
Knight's Bakugan looks like.
Ah!
[yelling]
FABIA: Hiyah!
Well, well, you really are a glutton for punishment,
aren't you?
[laughing]
What's happening?
Who's there?
I see you.
[laughing]
Well, If it is the mousy little princess from Neathia.
It takes a lot of nerve to come here alone.
Too bad you won't live long enough to tell anyone about it.
I may have come here alone, but we are leaving together.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan, stand.
Let's go, Aranaut.
CAPTAIN ELRIGHT: Without a moment's hesitation,
Fabia stormed Gundalia by herself
and successfully rescued Aranaut.
DAN: Why the heck would she do something so crazy dangerous?
She obviously felt a strong connection to Aranaut, but why?
Fabia risked her life to rescue Aranaut not
because of her connection to him,
but rather her connection to Jin.
You see, he was her fiancee.
They were going to get married?
That's what fiancees do.
Wait a minute.
You never did tell us what happened to Jin.
Was he--
Sadly, Jin was lost in battle.
So Aranaut is Fabia's last link to him.
That is, like, the saddest thing I've ever heard.
Aranaut never told us.
He doesn't remember.
The experiments wiped out large parts of his memory.
So as far as he knows, he has always been Fabia's partner.
It's probably better for him that he doesn't remember.
No one needs those kind of bad memories.
So now you know why Fabia doesn't have
it in her heart to forgive Ren.
FABIA: The Gundaliens need to pay for what they've done,
Aranaut.
REN: This time, we're on our own, Linehalt.
[music playing]
MARUCHO: Ren!
Where is he?
How far could he get?
Ren, Linehalt. Ah!
Oh, snap.
That thing is ugly.
Who is it?
DAN: It's me, Dan.
[gasp]
Hey.
I have to ask you something.
What's up?
I was wondering if you--
Relax, Dan, and just ask me.
Well, I just wondered if you trusted me.
Of course I do.
I trust all of the Brawlers completely.
Really?
Cool.
[laughing]
Maybe you should get to that point, Dan.
Fabia's tired.
Oh, yeah, right.
Well, I know the Gundaliens are total slime for all
the bad stuff they've dine, but you got to believe me when
I tell you Ren is different.
Seriously, Fabia.
He is.
I know that you honestly believe that, Dan,
but I'm just not convinced.
At least not as of yet.
Not yet?
But you could be open to the idea.
Tell us, what would it take to convince you it was true?
Let us prove it to you.
MARUCHO: I thought you might be hungry,
so I packed a bunch of food.
There's a little bit of everything in here.
Marucho, why are you so kind to me
after I betrayed you the way I did?
It's like Dan told you earlier, let's leave
all the bad stuff in the past.
What's important is that you've come
back to our side of the battle.
Marucho.
MARUCHO: Drink this.
I am unworthy of your forgiveness.
Wow, Ren, quit being so hard on yourself.
Let's have a toast to new beginnings, OK?
[music playing]
FABIA: Not so fast.
It's not that easy.
MARUCHO: Fabia?
All right, here's the deal, Ren.
If you're sincere and forgiveness
is what you really want, then you've got to earn it,
you understand me?
You have to battle me for your redemption.
I see.
If that's what it takes, then fine.
FABIA: If you win, I'll accept you
back as a member of the team.
But if you lose, you leave Neathia and never return.
Card set.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
In the name of the Castle Knights
and all the people of Neathia, we will triumph and banish you
for good.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
I will lead us to victory, Linehalt.
Dan and the others think you're still worth saving.
Well, were they right then?
Because right now, my heart tells me otherwise.
Fabia, I completely understand your hatred toward me.
I didn't think I was worthy of forgiveness myself,
but then Dan showed me everyone deserves a second chance.
Ability activate.
Vector fist.
OK, ability activate.
Dark sabre.
Come on.
Open wide.
Give up yet?
Not even close.
You call that a kick?
Help me, Ren.
I want to understand what Dan and the others
see in you that makes your betrayal worth forgiving.
So make me a believer then.
Let's takes this to the next level.
Ability activate.
Fist alley.
Darkness blizzard.
He deactivated my ability.
We fought our way out of the darkness, Ren.
Let's show Fabia that we're worthy of living
amongst her people.
OK, ability activate.
Dark javelin.
Linehalt's kicking the tar out of Aranaut.
So why is he wheezing like my grandpa?
He still hasn't recovered from his last battle.
You're right.
Don't forget the energy he exerted almost
toward the planet in half.
That's got to take it out of you.
Gate card open.
Chaos saber.
What the falafel, dude?
His trident disappeared.
Yes, that's because she deactivated his ability.
What are you doing, Ren?
Why are you slowing down?
Ready remix.
Battle gear move.
Ready battle pressure.
[music playing]
Battle gear ability activate.
Full mix lock.
[music playing]
Battle gear ability activate.
Battle crusher doom.
[music playing]
LINEHALT: I'm sorry, Ren.
It's OK, Linehalt. I know you did your best.
Rubanoid, can I count on you to step in?
Sid entrusted me to you, so it would be my honor.
The honor is mine.
Gate card set.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan stand.
Go, pyrus Rubanoid.
He's a pyrus.
Why is a darkus battler like Ren fighting with a pyrus Bakugan?
Hey, didn't he belong to that mean looking dude, Sid?
Right, yeah.
I wonder how Ren got a hold of him.
Let's go.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
I'll take him down just like Linehalt.
Ability activate.
Corundum tide.
Mirage fist.
You'll have to do better than that.
You mean like this?
Gate card open.
Ruby storm.
Finish him, Rubanoid.
Ready destracon gear.
Battle gear boost.
Battle gear ability activate.
Destracon gear vicars.
Keep going, Rubanoid.
Don't stop.
I won't let your sacrifice be in vain, Sid.
Understand that I have no loyalty to Barodius.
Ready battle crusher.
FABIA: Battle gear boost.
Battle gear ability activate.
Battle crusher doom.
Let's finish this.
Let's change the world.
[music playing]
This might sting a little.
Aw, man.
Hey, watch out!
Get down, Rubanoid.
[music playing]
Oh, no,
ARANAUT: I think we showed them, princess.
I can't believe it.
After all that, I still failed.
What, Fabia?
Have you come to gloat now?
Don't worry, we'll be on our way.
It's OK.
I finally saw another side of you at the end there.
I believe you now when you say that you are with us.
So then--
Welcome to Neathia.
Thank you, Fabia.
All right, now we're an even stronger team than ever.
Captain Elright, bring us all home now, please.
Yes, copy that.
Ready to commence on your signal, princess.
We're ready now.
Ren Krawler, by joining us, you are agreeing to fight
against your former homeland.
Are you prepared to do so?
Barodius never showed me loyalty like you have.
I am fully committed to destroying him.
Very well then.
You are now officially a Castle Knight.
It's my great honor.
Way to go, buddy.
Congratulations.
That's what I'm talking about.
We're fighting with even numbers now, dude.
Congratulations, Ren Krawler.
Thank you, Fabia.
Awesome, now we've got a darkus battler on our team.
Yeah, totally awesome.
Now that we've got rent on team brawler,
we're fighting with all six elements.
There's no way those Gundo weasels
will be able to take us down.
This is going to be sick.
But wait, who's this little dude, and why is he crying?
Dan the man and I will help you out.
There's nothing I hate more than bullies.
And I thought Dan felt the same way,
so why is he holding me back?
Doesn't matter.
No one pushes little kids around while I'm here.
Why don't you tune in and watch?
Get ready [inaudible].
We're about to teach some tough lessons to a mean bunch
if dudes.
Yeah, baby.
[music playing]